Update UserGuide.md (#190)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W15-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

> This command will set your name as "David Wong" and your role as "Telemarketer".
* `profile -n Anne Goh -role Supervisor`
> This command will set your name as "Anne Goh" and your role as "Supervisor".
* `profile -n -role Telemarketer`
> This command will set your role as "Telemarketer". 

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

**:information_source: Note:**<br>

Teletubbies provides the option for users to leave their names as empty, but it is highly recommended for you to set your name for identification purposes.

> Additionally, the `profile` command can only be used to set up your user profile once. To modify your name or role, please follow the steps [here](#frequently-asked-questions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the `profile` command can only be used to set up your user profile once. To modify your name or role, please follow the steps [here](#faq).
```

Author: Thanks!
